From: https://masterthesis.cms.chalmers.se/content/presentation-and-opposition

Som opponent:
* Framför min åsikt på presentationen
* Ställ frågor på innehållet och diskutera det med presentatören
* Frågorna ska inte vara om detaljer utan mer generella


----------------------------------------------------

Thank you Isak for the very nice presentation.

Q:
1. I have some thoughts about the storage mechanisms of Na in graphite, 
   which you showed are pore filling, intercalation, and adsorption to the surface.

	a) First question, you mentioned that Na does not intercalate effectively in
	   graphite, but you showed that Na could intercalte graphite sheets in 
	   hard carbon. Could you elaborate on that?

	b) You talked mostly about the pore filling and intercalation, and not so
	   much about surface adsorption. Can that mechanism also be studied using
	   SAX/WAXS, or would you need another experimental approach for that?

     	c) There seemed to be many different models for the storage memchanisms.
	   What do you think is the main reason for reaching such different
	   conclusions for storage in the hard carbon?


2. On the slide with WAXS curves in the atomic structure regime, you spoke mostly
   about the large peak at q = 1.7/Å

	a) If I remember, there was another peak there, can you talk about what
           that peak means?

	b) For increasing sodiation, that second peak (1.5/Å) is seen for EC:PC,
           but not as much for the diglyme electrolyte. What would make that happen,
	   if the second peak comes from the binder?


3. About the voltage profile (in Figure 6.1:) during the sodiation of the hard carbon.

	a) There was a sudden drop in voltage for EC5 in the plateau region after
	   100 mAh/g, have you some idea for why this happens for EC5 cells but
	   not the EC10 cells?

	b) Different cutoff voltages were used to end the sodiation. Could you talk
	   about the pros and cons of choosing to end the sodiation at a certain
	   voltage instead of, for example, a certain capacity?



