From: https://masterthesis.cms.chalmers.se/content/presentation-and-opposition

Som opponent:
* Framför min åsikt på presentationen
* Ställ frågor på innehållet och diskutera det med presentatören
* Frågorna ska inte vara om detaljer utan mer generella


Överväg punkter som:
* Definition av problemet
* Metoder och genomförande
* Teori
* Analys
* Resultat




Exempel frågor

Thank you Isak for the very nice presentation, I really liked how you
 presented/explained X.

Qs:
1. You mentioned that Na does not intercalate effectively in graphite, 
   however you showed that Na could intercalte in graphite sheets in hard Carbon.
   Could you elaborate on that?

2. On the slide with WAXS curves in the atomic structure regime, you spoke mostly
   about the large peak at q = 1.7/Å. If I remember, there was another peak there, 
   which can you talk about what that means?
     Follow up: For increasing sodiation, that second peak (1.5/Å) is seen for EC:PC,
                but not as much for the diglyme electrolyte. What would make that
		happen, if the second peak comes from the binder?

3. You mentioned three types of Na storage mechanisms in hard carbon. You talked
   mostly about the pore filling and intercalation, and not so much about surface adsorption.
   Can that mechanism also be studied using SAXS/WAXS, or would you need another experimental
   approach for that?
     Follow up: there seemed to be many different models for the storage memchanisms, 
                what do you think is the main reason for reaching such different conclusions
                for storage in the hard carbon?

4. Figure 6.1: the sudden drop in voltage for EC5 in the plateau region after 100mAh/g, 
   have you some idea for why this happens for EC5 cells but not the EC10 cells?

5. Figure 6.1: in Figure 6.1 you said that different cutoff voltages were used to end the
   sodiation. Could you talk about the pros and cons of choosing to end the sodiation at
   some voltage instead of for example some capacity?

7. 
